I forgot to tell you just now.
The first level is the easiest level
If the girl can't pass the first level
I'm afraid the challenges ahead will be even worse
Then tell me what the second level is
This hunting senior brother and senior sister Lu
He is the first disciple of the elders Spinnian
Let two people with excellent Taoism fight you
It's really deceiving
In this way, the second level will let you
Let my senior sister compare with you, right?
how
Your senior sister has never learned any Taoism
Let the woman who commanded the doctor come over
Xiao Yinfang, what do you mean?
Jiang Bailian
It seems that your junior brother doesn't feel sorry for you very much.
Yin Feng, I will never agree this time
master
Only because of the birthmark on the face
He was ridiculed and looked down upon as a child.
If not for the help of junior brother
I'm afraid I won't dare to think about it in my life
I still have a day to take off my veil
Junior Brother Bailian
I will fight for you
How dare you say yes?
Are you not afraid of death?
If someone else
I absolutely refuse
But if it is a junior brother
I offer my help.
Don't kiss me in front of me
Xiao Yingfeng, you just relied on the power of divine bones
Just reluctantly accepted my trick
Do you really think I have no way to crack it?
Zhang Shengzi's subordinates are in Yangling